README.md, before:

# Notes for modified version of this repo
If repo needs to be installed in new copy of PX4-Autopilot, for additional worlds/models to run need to modify "sitl_target.cmake" file in PX4 repo.

Additional worlds added by repo:
Bargeworld - for barge based landing of autonomous quadrotor

# PX4-gazebo-models
Models and worlds to be used in local Fuel instances and kept up to date in [app.gazebosim.org/PX4](https://app.gazebosim.org/PX4).

## Starting GZ simulation
In addition to providing resource files for all models and worlds, this repo also contains a simulation-gazebo script that will start a world and works in conjunction with PX4.

In order for this script to work, you must have installed gz-garden beforehand. The way to do this can be found [here](https://gazebosim.org/docs/garden/install_ubuntu):

After setting up gazebo, navigate to the repo containing simulation-gazebo and script with

```shell
python simulation-gazebo
```

If you do not provide any arguments, this will download all models and worlds from the PX4-gazebo-models repo, save them to `/.simulation-gazebo` and start a default world. **In order for a model to load, you need to start PX4 as well**

The following arguments can be passed:

`--world` A string variable that names the sdf file which runs the simulation world. Default argument is "default", which links to the default world.

`--gz_partition` A string variable that sets the gazebo partition to run in (more information [here]([https://gazebosim.org/api/transport/13/envvars.html))

`--gz_ip` A string variable that sets the IP of the outgoing network interface (more information [here]([https://gazebosim.org/api/transport/13/envvars.html))

`--interactive` A boolean variable that requires the ability to run the code in interactive mode, allowing for custom paths for `--model_download_source`. If this is not set, `--model_download_source` will only download from the default Github repo.

`--model_download_source` A string variable setting the path to a directory from where models are to be imported. At the moment this can only be a local file directory or a http address. The source should end with the zipped resource file. (e.g. https://path/to/simulation/models/resource.zip)

`--model_store` A string variable setting the path to the model storage directory. This is where the zip file provided in `model_download_source` will be placed.

`--overwrite` A boolean variable providing the ability to overwrite existing directories with new data.

`--dryrun` A boolean variable that can be set when running testcases. It will not provide any interactivity and will not start Gazebo simulation.

`--headless` A boolean variable providing the ability to run in headless (server-only) mode. This is the [mode of operation in macOS](https://gazebosim.org/docs/harmonic/getstarted#macos), and is more suitable for container use.

Commit message:

Need to move to more recent PX4 version, oh god.

README.md, after:

# Notes for modified version of this repo
If repo needs to be installed in new copy of PX4-Autopilot, for additional worlds/models to run need to modify "sitl_target.cmake" file in PX4 repo, **or better yet, use PX4_SIM_MODEL and PX4_GZ_WORLD parameters while launching.** See: https://docs.px4.io/main/en/sim_gazebo_gz/.

Additional worlds added by repo (some backporting to PX4 15.2 which you should be using):
Bargeworld - for barge based landing of autonomous quadrotor
Moving Platform - from future version of this repo (how spooky)

Notes on plugins:
https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/docs/en/sim_gazebo_gz/plugins.md


# PX4-gazebo-models
Models and worlds to be used in local Fuel instances and kept up to date in [app.gazebosim.org/PX4](https://app.gazebosim.org/PX4).

## Starting GZ simulation
In addition to providing resource files for all models and worlds, this repo also contains a simulation-gazebo script that will start a world and works in conjunction with PX4.

In order for this script to work, you must have installed gz-garden beforehand. The way to do this can be found [here](https://gazebosim.org/docs/garden/install_ubuntu):

After setting up gazebo, navigate to the repo containing simulation-gazebo and script with

```shell
python simulation-gazebo
```

If you do not provide any arguments, this will download all models and worlds from the PX4-gazebo-models repo, save them to `/.simulation-gazebo` and start a default world. **In order for a model to load, you need to start PX4 as well**

The following arguments can be passed:

`--world` A string variable that names the sdf file which runs the simulation world. Default argument is "default", which links to the default world.

`--gz_partition` A string variable that sets the gazebo partition to run in (more information [here]([https://gazebosim.org/api/transport/13/envvars.html))

`--gz_ip` A string variable that sets the IP of the outgoing network interface (more information [here]([https://gazebosim.org/api/transport/13/envvars.html))

`--interactive` A boolean variable that requires the ability to run the code in interactive mode, allowing for custom paths for `--model_download_source`. If this is not set, `--model_download_source` will only download from the default Github repo.

`--model_download_source` A string variable setting the path to a directory from where models are to be imported. At the moment this can only be a local file directory or a http address. The source should end with the zipped resource file. (e.g. https://path/to/simulation/models/resource.zip)

`--model_store` A string variable setting the path to the model storage directory. This is where the zip file provided in `model_download_source` will be placed.

`--overwrite` A boolean variable providing the ability to overwrite existing directories with new data.

`--dryrun` A boolean variable that can be set when running testcases. It will not provide any interactivity and will not start Gazebo simulation.

`--headless` A boolean variable providing the ability to run in headless (server-only) mode. This is the [mode of operation in macOS](https://gazebosim.org/docs/harmonic/getstarted#macos), and is more suitable for container use.
